NAME
    Package - Acmeist Module Packaging Toolchain

SYNOPSIS
    From the command line:

        > pkg new --perl=package --module=Foo::Bar foo-bar-pm

    From a Makefile.PL:

        use inc::Package;

    NOTE: In this package, "Package", the term "package" is used in the
    Acmeist sense; a collection of software, doc, tests and an installer,
    all bundled up into a nice little package. It does not refer to the
    Perl, in memory, namespacing keyword: "package".

DESCRIPTION
    Package is a toolchain for packaging module distributions. Not just Perl
    modules, but modules from many different languages.

    This Perl module/distribtion is a little bit overloaded. It supports 3
    distinct things, outlined below.

    NOTE: I did consider releasing these as 3 separate packages, and may do
    so in the future, but for now it seems (slightly awkward, yet) best to
    have them all in the Package distribution.

  Package Creation and Maintenance
    This package installs a command line tool called "pkg", that can be used
    to create and maintain open source module packages in several
    programming languages. See pkg and Package::Command for full details.

  A Replacement For inc::Module::Install
    This Perl package lets you say:

        use inc::Package;

    in your "Makefile.PL", instead of:

        use inc::Module::Install;

    This does everything Module::Install does and more. It does it in a
    cleaner way, and solves many of the problems that Module::Install users
    have worked around in various, ugly ways.

    See inc::Package for details.

  Module::Install::Package
    This Module::Install plugin does all the heavy hitting for
    "inc::Package". It attempts to fix all the problems of Module::Install,
    in one go. Yet is really just a Module::Install plugin, like any other,
    and can be used with or without "inc::Package".

STATUS
    This is a early, "proving concepts", release. Keep out.

AUTHOR
    Ingy döt Net <ingy@cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    Copyright (c) 2011. Ingy döt Net.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    See http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html

